# Milestone 7
## Zoom-zoom through the Maze Under 15 Seconds

Using the code from Milestone 6, I began by making changes to the BASE_SPEED. I  wanted to see the robot zoom its way through the maze, Tokyo Drift style. So, I thought that increasing the speed from 200 to 350 would do the trick. I had the robot run through the maze with this one change to see how it would change its performance. It most definitely zoom-ed its way through. As I failed to account for the fact that the robot detects the finish area based on a counter, the robot did not stop once it reached this point in the maze. After I reduced the threshold for the final_counter from 60 to 30, the robot was able to finish the maze. The "Attempt-1" video on GitHub is when the robot has a BASE_SPEED of 350 with a reduced final_counter threshold. The final run starts between 0:38-ish of the video and ends at 0:49.

Interestingly, this was the fastest run that I got. I continued to make numerous changes to the BASE_SPEED, but this ended up with extremely jerky turning movements that just made the robot take longer to get through the maze. I tried to see if increasing the speed for follow_line() & decreasing the speed used for turning functions would make the movements a little smoother, but it didn't make too much of a difference it terms of its solving time. 

Something funky that I did notice while doing all of these different runs was that the robot occassionally had some issues figuring out what to do at the "+" intersection toward the end of the maze. At times, it would only try two of the three paths at the intersection before turning around and solving the maze. Based on the left-hand-on-the-wall strategy, the robot should technically try each of those paths so this was a lil weird. My guess is that it was probably some sort of issue with the intersection detection that emerged from drastically increasing the speed. In any case, for those runs, when the robot tries to go through the maze with the simplest path it continues to go straight at the last "T" intersection that leads to the finish area and takes a right at the "+" intersection. I thought this was weird cause I imagined that the path reducer would be able to account for the two paths that it took at the "+" intersection, but I'm not too sure. I'd have to look into the path[] to see what it recorded at the "+" point to see if it might have recorded more turns without taking them or perhaps it didn't record a certain turn. 